example-quarkus-native-postgres/README.md, before:

# Example Quarkus Native PostgreSQL

This is an example project demonstrating how to build a Quarkus native application with PostgreSQL integration.

## Features

- Quarkus native application
- **Fully reactive architecture** from end-to-end
- PostgreSQL integration using reactive client
- RESTful API for user management with non-blocking operations
- Mutiny for reactive programming with Uni and Multi types

## Prerequisites

- JDK 17+
- GraalVM (for native compilation)
- Docker (for running PostgreSQL)
- PostgreSQL database

## Running PostgreSQL

Before running the application, you need to start a PostgreSQL database. You can use Docker for this:

```bash
docker run --name postgres-quarkus -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres -p 5432:5432 -d postgres
```

## Running the Application in Dev Mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:

```bash
./gradlew :example-quarkus-native-postgres:quarkusDev
```

## Packaging and Running the Application

The application can be packaged using:

```bash
./gradlew :example-quarkus-native-postgres:build
```

It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `build/quarkus-app/` directory.

## Creating a Native Executable

You can create a native executable using:

```bash
./gradlew :example-quarkus-native-postgres:build
```

## API Endpoints

The application provides the following REST endpoints:

- `GET /users` - Get all users
- `GET /users/{id}` - Get a user by ID
- `POST /users` - Create a new user

Example of creating a user:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name":"John Doe","email":"john@example.com"}' http://localhost:8080/users
```

## Database Schema

The application uses a simple database schema with a single table:

```sql
CREATE TABLE app_user (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL UNIQUE
);
```

Commit message:

add quarkus cli to recreate the project

example-quarkus-native-postgres/README.md, after:

# Example Quarkus Native PostgreSQL

This is an example project demonstrating how to build a Quarkus native application with PostgreSQL integration.

## Recreating this Project

You can recreate this project using the Quarkus CLI with the following command:

```bash
quarkus create app com.mleitz1.quarkus:example-quarkus-native-postgres:0.1.0-SNAPSHOT \
  --extension="quarkus-rest,quarkus-rest-jsonb,quarkus-jdbc-postgresql,quarkus-reactive-pg-client,quarkus-hibernate-orm-panache,quarkus-mutiny" \
  --gradle \
  --no-code \
  --java=17
```

After creating the project, you'll need to configure it for native image compilation and add the necessary model and resource classes.

## Features

- Quarkus native application
- **Fully reactive architecture** from end-to-end
- PostgreSQL integration using reactive client
- RESTful API for user management with non-blocking operations
- Mutiny for reactive programming with Uni and Multi types

## Prerequisites

- JDK 17+
- GraalVM (for native compilation)
- Docker (for running PostgreSQL)
- PostgreSQL database

## Running PostgreSQL

Before running the application, you need to start a PostgreSQL database. You can use Docker for this:

```bash
docker run --name postgres-quarkus -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres -p 5432:5432 -d postgres
```

## Running the Application in Dev Mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:

```bash
./gradlew :example-quarkus-native-postgres:quarkusDev
```

## Packaging and Running the Application

The application can be packaged using:

```bash
./gradlew :example-quarkus-native-postgres:build
```

It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `build/quarkus-app/` directory.

## Creating a Native Executable

You can create a native executable using:

```bash
./gradlew :example-quarkus-native-postgres:build
```

## API Endpoints

The application provides the following REST endpoints:

- `GET /users` - Get all users
- `GET /users/{id}` - Get a user by ID
- `POST /users` - Create a new user

Example of creating a user:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name":"John Doe","email":"john@example.com"}' http://localhost:8080/users
```

## Database Schema

The application uses a simple database schema with a single table:

```sql
CREATE TABLE app_user (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    email VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL UNIQUE
);
```
